README.md, before:

# THOMANN.IO EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK 

This is the single source of truth of our employee guidelines at thomann.io

## How to contribute to this handbook

This handbook is maintained by Thomann.io employees.

It's entirely written in Markdown for the sake of simplicity and portability. If you want to learn more about Markdown, check [this short video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zChe4tMwiU9CXwJ6UqacJw9vEqyLLJUe/view?usp=sharing) or read [John Gruber's excellent documentation](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/). 

If you spot typos, find something to be unclear or simply wrong, there are two options:

- [File an issue](https://github.com/cookiefactory/handbook/issues/new)
- [Change the Markdown file directly](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17vDMpXjCLpqcbsRqIx-KOYiW0sg94TyO/view?usp=sharing)

### Where goes what?

- All markdown goes into `/src`
- All files go into `/assets`
- Stay plain text when possible
- test

### How does it go live?

- We're using mdBook to render this handbook on `insert domain once live`
- Once your changes have arrived in the main branch, they will be deployed

Commit message:

Updating broken video links and adding handbook hint.

README.md, after:

# THOMANN.IO EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK 

This is the single source of truth of our employee guidelines at thomann.io

## How to contribute to this handbook

This handbook is maintained by Thomann.io employees.

It's entirely written in Markdown for the sake of simplicity and portability. If you want to learn more about Markdown, check [this short video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jaqASYDriy6kQOc--H6YGrfaM4ul6MA0/view?usp=sharing) or read [John Gruber's excellent documentation](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/). 

If you spot typos, find something to be unclear or simply wrong, there are three options:

- [File an issue](https://github.com/cookiefactory/handbook/issues/new)
- [Change the Markdown file directly (Tutorial Video)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14vAcQGXfLlQNDi36UKYp-6Xd-rIodkio/view?usp=sharing)
- Contact the folks in the #handbook channel on Slack

### Where goes what?

- All markdown goes into `/src`
- All files go into `/assets`
- Stay plain text when possible
- test

### How does it go live?

- We're using mdBook to render this handbook on `insert domain once live`
- Once your changes have arrived in the main branch, they will be deployed
